okay I thought I'd do a video about the
six-pack carburetors I get a lot of
questions about these at car shows and
so forth that's kind of the jewelry of
engines if you think of it that way but
this is a 440 six-pack it's in a 69
Dodge Charger r/t actually the 6-pack
wasn't available in 69 not until 70 a
couple of things I was we're going to
show you that might be helpful for folks
is kind of this this setup is correctly
done in terms of the linkages color the
springs and so forth kick down bar if
you have a 440 car which mine was
originally the kick down assembly is not
the same and they do make these you know
like your won and so forth and it is
different going down through to the
sudden 27 transmission if you got a
manual obviously this is irrelevant
these mechanical components go into the
outboard carburetors these actually hold
the carbs shut when you're running on
just a single carb fuel capacity and
stroke so forth you've got a 350 CFM
Center carb that you're running on when
you're just putting around town if you
kick it in you get an extra 500 in each
your front and rear outboard carburetors
so you're talking about if you're doing
math at home it's thirteen hundred and
fifty CFM's that gives you an idea of
amount of air and gas going down through
there and yes you actually can see your
gas gauge twitch but there's no sound
quite like it and it gives you the sense
that maybe you're going to pull the hood
right right through your air cleaner on
this side a little more crowded show up
show you a couple things here these
large diaphragms on the runt on the
front and rear
carburetors those actually are vacuum
activated and that's what polls your
outboard carburetors open fully you can
see the t fuel line here that goes down
to the stock fuel pump and you know
there's feeds going to each carburetor
and you can see the choke components
there and I'll show you one other thing
that I do not have on this car just in
case you're wanting do it exactly
correct is there is a solenoid that goes
here provision for a solenoid which is a
basically a fast idle knock off that was
the first element of Pushkin control on
these cars it runs fine without it I
just didn't care to to mess with it
hope that helps and if you're looking
they had a six pack to your 440 car I
highly recommend it
Thanks